Release/1.10.0 (#1492)
open-zaak/open-zaak: CHANGELOG.rst

Changelog
=========

1.10.0 (2023-11-01)
-------------------

> Open Zaak 1.10.0 is a release focused on supporting new versions of ZGW API standarts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Open Zaak 1.10.0 is a release focused on supporting the latest versions of the ZGW API standards.
```

> Open Zaak now supports:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Open Zaak now supports:

```
